{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"The Weather Api\nThe site was created in order to use the open weather API provided by JavaScript. The page has a basic and responsive look. facilitating user navigation\n\n\n\nUX\nThe project was drawn on a piece of paper with the vision of a cellphone. From the beginning the idea was to be able to deliver to the user the temperature including min and max of the requested region.\njust the search field on the homepage was enough. After the search I wished not to keep too much information in order to keep the page clean. The background was also created to give the sensation of lightning and thunder on a mountain.\n\n\n\n\nFeatures\nClean, intuitive design — Clean page, with only the field for insertion of the city. solid colors were used to demonstrate the seriousness of the page.\n\nClean Code - The code made in JS was as basic as possible\n\nEverything on a single page — All information is available in one page so that the user does not have the trouble of navigating menus. The purpose of the site is to be able to deliver the requested information as quickly as possible.\n\n\n\nJQuery - The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.\n\n\nCredits\nThe site uses The Open Weather API. Visit the site for more information.\nhttps://openweathermap.org/api\nPage background is taken from google images\n","undoManager":{"mark":-2,"position":1,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":14,"column":0},"action":"remove","lines":["         ___        ______     ____ _                 _  ___  ","        / \\ \\      / / ___|   / ___| | ___  _   _  __| |/ _ \\ ","       / _ \\ \\ /\\ / /\\___ \\  | |   | |/ _ \\| | | |/ _` | (_) |","      / ___ \\ V  V /  ___) | | |___| | (_) | |_| | (_| |\\__, |","     /_/   \\_\\_/\\_/  |____/   \\____|_|\\___/ \\__,_|\\__,_|  /_/ "," ----------------------------------------------------------------- ","","","Hi there! Welcome to AWS Cloud9!","","To get started, create some files, play with the terminal,","or visit https://docs.aws.amazon.com/console/cloud9/ for our documentation.","","Happy coding!",""],"id":2}],[{"start":{"row":0,"column":0},"end":{"row":28,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["The Weather Api","The site was created in order to use the open weather API provided by JavaScript. The page has a basic and responsive look. facilitating user navigation","","","","UX","The project was drawn on a piece of paper with the vision of a cellphone. From the beginning the idea was to be able to deliver to the user the temperature including min and max of the requested region.","just the search field on the homepage was enough. After the search I wished not to keep too much information in order to keep the page clean. The background was also created to give the sensation of lightning and thunder on a mountain.","","","","","Features","Clean, intuitive design — Clean page, with only the field for insertion of the city. solid colors were used to demonstrate the seriousness of the page.","","Clean Code - The code made in JS was as basic as possible","","Everything on a single page — All information is available in one page so that the user does not have the trouble of navigating menus. The purpose of the site is to be able to deliver the requested information as quickly as possible.","","","","JQuery - The project uses JQuery to simplify DOM manipulation.","","","Credits","The site uses The Open Weather API. Visit the site for more information.","https://openweathermap.org/api","Page background is taken from google images",""],"id":3}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":0,"scrollleft":0,"selection":{"start":{"row":28,"column":0},"end":{"row":28,"column":0},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":0},"timestamp":1568564880774}